# Simulation Outputs

This directory contains the outputs from extensive simulations that were run as part of the project. To save time and computational resources we have stored the simulations online

## Data Storage and Access

Due to the large size of these simulation output folders, they are archived in zip file and stored it on Zenodo. You can download the zip file from Zenodo using the following link:

[10.5281/zenodo.12579204](https://zenodo.org/record/12579204)


you will thus need to:
1. Visit the Zenodo link provided: [10.5281/zenodo.12579204](https://zenodo.org/record/12579204)
2. Click on the "Download" button to start downloading the zip file containing all the simulation outputs.
3. extract the zip file into this directory


##Content

The stored outputs are:

### `main_experiment.zip`:
 + `NewPW_TraitTraj_StratTraj_500ts_RHO_*_G10_bonus_*_beta_*`: with beta in -10,0 , bonus in 0,1,3 and RHO in 0.5,0. Generated by `../inst/scripts/paral.R`
These folder store the bigger experience, presented in Figure 2, 3 and 4 (for $\rho = 0$), where beta, bonus are explored. Also used for figures S2, S7, S8, S9, this time include $\rho = 0.5$

### `BonusBetaOnGrowth.zip`: 
 + `NewAges_ExploringBirthrateOnGrowth_5000_FS/` 
 + `NewAges_ExploringBonusOnGrowth_1000_500ts.RDS`.

Both generated by `../inst/scripts/exploreGrowthRate.R` ; `NewAges_ExploringBonusOnGrowth_1000_500ts` is a summary object with results of 1000 experiments runs with same parameters as `NewAges_ExploringBirthrateOnGrowth_5000_FS`. In these experiments there is bonus and beta are randomly selected. This is use to droaw the right panel of Fig S1 suppementary material.

### `BirthRateOnGrowth.zip`: 
 + `BonusExploNewAges_5000_FS_poppaper2/`:  Generated by `../inst/scripts/exploreGrowthRate.R`
 In these experiments the base birthrate is randomly selected (and there is not bonus nor beta). This is use to draw the left panel of Fige S1 suppementary material. 

